Pal 1090 services ReadMe updates (#358)
gchq/Palisade-services: README.md

Windows is not an explicitly supported environment, although where possible Palisade has been made compatible.  
For Windows developer environments, we recommend setting up [WSL](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/).

### Getting Started

> This is not the starting point for understanding Palisade.

Reviewer: I went for another tack and expanded on what is at the other end of the link "For an overview of Palisade, start with the Palisade introduction and the accompanying guides: QuickStart Guide; and Developer Guide:"

Author: I'm not sure what the best way of describing this is. I don't think it needs to be too descriptive, just a pointer to the main repo

Reviewer 2: I dont think it matters too much, so am happy to leave this as is

--->
![Service Sequence diagram](doc/services.png)

> 1. [Palisade Service](palisade-service/README.md) receives a clients request, returns a unique token and initiates the processing of resources.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. [Palisade Service](palisade-service/README.md) receives a client's request, returns a unique token and initiates the processing of resources.
```

Author: Done

1. [User Service](user-service/README.md) connects to User Service providers to ensure the user exists.  

> 1. [Resource Service](resource-service/README.md) communicates with the backing stores to ensure the resource exists.

Reviewer: This is a chance to fix these descriptions.  The User Service for example retrieves the information about the User.  Validating is just one step in this process.  Similarly, Resource Service will retrieve all of the requested resources, validating, caching are details we can talk about in the readme for the Resource Service readme.  Most of this can be pulled out of the respective service level readmes.

Author: Updated some of the service descriptions

> 1. [Policy Service](policy-service/README.md) checks that policies exist for each resource in a request.  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. [Policy Service](policy-service/README.md) connects to Policy Service providers to acquire the rules that must apply to each resource in a request, checking that at least some policy exists, and applies resource-level rules to each resource.  
```

Author: Updated

> 1. [Attribute-Masking Service](attribute-masking-service/README.md) applies policies from the Policy Service against the resources in the request.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. [Attribute-Masking Service](attribute-masking-service/README.md) stores the User, Resource, Context and Rules of an authorised request for a token.
```

Author: Done

1. [Topic-Offset Service](topic-offset-service/README.md) listens to kafka topics to inform the Filtered-Resource Service where on the topic (at what offset) the first message for each token appears.

> 1. [Filtered-Resource Service](filtered-resource-service/README.md) readies the resources and later handles passing the data to the client.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. [Filtered-Resource Service](filtered-resource-service/README.md) readies the resources and later handles passing the resource metadata to the client.
```

Author: Done

> 1. [Data Service](data-service/README.md) retrieves resources from the relevant implementations.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. [Data Service](data-service/README.md) retrieves the data for each of the resources from the relevant data store providers.
```

Author: Done

```
mvn clean install -pl <module name> -P pi
```
This will only create new charts and Docker images with a new tag value.
These new charts and images will still need to be deployed to any current helm deployments of Palisade.
This can be done by using the `helm upgrade` command or by doing a new `helm install` if Palisade has not been deployed.

### Considerations for running under Windows

> 

Reviewer: Missing the text or remove the header

Author: The section below this header contains the considerations for running under Windows.

helm upgrade --install palisade . \
  --set global.persistence.dataStores.palisade-data-store.local.hostPath=${pwd}  \
  --set global.persistence.classpathJars.local.hostPath=${pwd}  \

>   --timeout=300s

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  --timeout=600s
```
as of recent changes by @developer01189998819991197253

Author: Done
